time off to the third quarter here at
the Boston this is the third and
deciding game of this mini series the
winner to go on to beat Milwaukee rice
thanks out of the frustration on the
basket here we go
[Applause]
shoes officials roll over the floor
card is still going
everybody on the floor
I bluntly sued the hockey game was until
daddy's got the worst and he's got round
feeling tree Rollins on top and right
now they can't get him off key Rollins
got him in a headlock
we saw that coming while ago
and tree Rollins we're getting into it
but you don't like to see is because you
know what somebody get hurt in something
like this and missed the playoffs this
is this is not a good scene at all
let's see how it start
they're still taunting each other here
he finished yet
[Applause]
Wilkins wants a piece of somebody
[Music]
Wilkins back to the bench
[Applause]
I've always learned number
fighting especially Pigman
five years ago with Gerald
goodbye open in the corner Siri goes big
[Music]
change is leaving
by injury or whether it's because he's
velasca Lee remains to be seen I would
be very surprised that tree Rollins was
not a ejected along with
look likee tackle pollicis let's take a
look at again here's how it started
[Applause]
field flying down the floor look at the
elbow there on age there was thrown by
tree Rollins and I angel tackle Rollins
watch this
well he was smart to go in low because
tree was going to throw
[Music]
looks like a nice open field tackle
there also here's where you get hurt
though it Larry Bird you see Larry Bird
shoulder like that
other angle is a pretty flagrant L
volley through an age he's retaliated
for for what happened while